[docs] update docs (#45755)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/ui/universal/picker.mdx

---
title: Picker
description: A single-selection input with menu and wheel appearances.
sourceCodeUrl: 'https://github.com/expo/expo/tree/main/packages/expo-ui'
packageName: '@expo/ui'
platforms: ['android', 'ios', 'web', 'expo-go']
---

import APISection from '~/components/plugins/APISection';
import { APIInstallSection } from '~/components/plugins/InstallSection';

> A single-selection input. Declare options as `<Picker.Item label value />` children; the parent `Picker` reads them and renders a platform-appropriate dropdown or rotor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Picker` is a single-selection input. You can use `<Picker.Item label value />` children to declare options so that the parent `Picker` reads them and renders a platform-appropriate dropdown or rotor.
```
